Avoid using VU code term (#1322)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/05 k6 Options/02 Reference.md

| [Hosts](#hosts)                                           | An object with overrides to DNS resolution                                          |
| [HTTP debug](#http-debug)                                 | Log all HTTP requests and responses                                                 |
| [Include system Env vars](#include-system-env-vars)       | Pass the real system environment variables to the runtime                           |

> | [Insecure skip TLS verify](#insecure-skip-tls-verify)     | A boolean specifying whether should ignore TLS verifications for connections established from code     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Insecure skip TLS verify](#insecure-skip-tls-verify)     | A boolean specifying whether k6 should ignore TLS verifications for connections established from code     |
```

A boolean, true or false. When this option is enabled (set to true), all of the verifications that
would otherwise be done to establish trust in a server provided TLS certificate will be ignored.

> This only applies to connections created from code, such as HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only applies to connections created from a script, such as HTTP requests.
```

Suggestion, I'm wondering if saying "from a script" vs "from code" reads better. Feel free to ignore. 🙏

Author: TBH, I feel like `from code` here is more appropriate. @mstoykov WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I also vote for `code` based on the very picky part of `script` being a thing within ECMAScript/JS and there also being `modules`. 

So this  new version *can* be read as this iwll only works in `script` but not `modules.
